1.What is an image map? 
Is a positional information XHTML and HTML which has details of coordinates related to a unique image 
2.How do you create links to sections on the same page? By 
using the concept of css ,java and html programing languages 
3.Does hyperlink apply to texts only? 
Both images and texts can be used to create a hyperlink 
5 What is the advantage of grouping several checkboxes together? 
They help to organize them 
6.What will happen if you overlap sets of tags? 
Only the first tag will be recognized 
7.What if there is no text between the tags or if a text was ommited by mistake?will it affect the 
display of the HTML file? 
If there is no text between the tags,then there is nothing to format 
This no formatting will appear. 
8.How do you create a link that will connect to another web page when clicked 
a) select the text you want to hyperlink the text should exactly match the name of the page it will link to. 
b)click the hyperlink icon. 
x)when the create hyperlink window appears ,select the file you want to link to. 
9.Do <th> tags always need to come at the start of the row or column? 
Tags always need to come at the start of the row or column because they are mainly used for headings. 
10.What is a marquee? 
Is a scrolling piece of Text displayed either horizontally across or vertically down your web page 
depending on the setting 
11.How do you create a text on web page that will allow you to send an email when clicked? 
HTML <a> tags provides you option to specify an email address to send an email.while using <a> tag as 
an email you will use mailto: email address along with href attribute 
12.Are <br> tags the only way to separate sections of text? 
They are not the only ones used since we have <p> tag and<blockquote> 
13.How are active links different normal links? 
Hdhhsghsiwbwhsusjshhshehshsgevshhsevhsuehsudhdgdgdgegbehehheheheueuie 
14.Hiw do you make a picture into a background image of a web page? 
We use the css style under the css<style> tag ,add the property background-image 
15.When is it appropriate to use the frames? 
If the main links to the site are located in a frame that appears at the top or a long the edge of the 
browser , the content of these links can be displayed in the reminder if the browser window. 
16.Name two new tags introduced in the HTML 5?
Details 
Datalist 
17.Two sementic tags included in the HTML 5 version 
<article> 
<aside> 
<Details> 
18.Two benefits of HTML 5 web storage 
Can store 5 to 10 MB data that is far more than cookies. 
Web storage data never transferred with an HTTP request , so it increases the performance of the 
application 
19.Two types of web storage in HTML 5 
Local storage 
Session storage 
20.Application of cache in HTML 5 and why is us used 
A web application is cached, and accessible without ana internet connection, now we can make an 
offline web application that will run without an internet connection by just creating a manifest file in 
our application. 
21How do you align list elements in a HTML file? 
We use the css text align property , in addition you need to put the list inside the div elements now add 
the style to the div class and use the text align property with center as it’s value . 
22.Differenciate between an ordered list and anordered list 
Ordered list is used to create a list of items In a specific order while anordered list is used to create a 
list of items in no particular order 
23.How do you display a table in HTML web page? 
By using<table> element, with the help of <tr> <td> and <th> elements. 
CSS QUESTIONS 
1.what are the limitations of css? 
Css classes are created within the event theme. 
You must have a period (.).. 
You can not add more than 10000 characters within the css section per event 
2.in how many ways can css be intergrated as a web page? 
Three times-external, internal and inline 
What does css selector mean? 
Is the first part of a css rule it’s a pattern of elements and other terms that tell the browser which HTML 
element to be selected to have the css property values inside the rule applied to them 
4.Differenciate between logical and physical tags 
<Strong> is a logical tag used to indicate that the text within should be displayed as bold, while<b> is a 
physical tag that also causes the text within to be displayed as bold. 
5.Differentiate between class selector from ID selector 
Class selector can be used by multiple HTML elements while ID selector must only be used by one HTML 
element within. 
6.How to overrule underlining hyperlinks? 
Using css text decorations property 
7.What us css box model and what are it’s elements? 
Is used when. Talking about design and layout. 
Elements include margin, boarders, padding and the actual content 
8.Definefloat property of css 
Places an element in the left or right side of it’s container allowing text and inline elements to wrap 
around it 
9.How can the gap under the image be removed? 
By using the css display property, because image is an inline level element so browser adds some 
whitespace under the baseline to adjust other inline elements . 
10.What us the meaning of cascading! How do style sheets cascade? 
Cascading means styles can fall one style sheet to another enabling multiple style sheets to be used on 
HTML documents, 
11.what is inline style? 
Are styles that are applied to a specific element within the body section of the web page. 
12.How comments can be added in css 
We simply place plain text inside/* */ marks 
13.Explain prominent css frameworks 
Is a prepped and ready to use library (cascading style sheet) the style sheets collection makes tha job of 
a UI developer easier. 
14.what is the difference between the usage of an ID and a class? 
Class can be used by multiple HTML elements while ID must be used by only one HTML element within. 
15.What are the ways to assign a certain color to an element in css 
The common way is to use there hexadecimal values, 
16.explain the css box model and it’s different elements 
It’s used when talking a... ...bout design and layout, It’s 
elements include margin, padding, and actual content 
17.How will you target an h2 and h3 with the same styling? 
If you are Target all h3 elements with a class of title class without using the @root directive you would 
use h3{title class} 
18. What is the float property used in css 
Place an element on the left or right side of it’s container , allowing text and inline elements to wrap 
around it 
19.What are the type of different modules used in the current version of css? 
Css1 
Css2 
Css3 
20.What are the different media types allowed by css 
Continuous or paged 
Visual, audio, speech 
Grid , bitmap 
Interactive 
21.How do you control image repetition using css? 
By using the background -repeat property that will help us Control th repetition of the image, the 
background repeat property is used to repeat the background image horizontally and vertically. 
22.What is the general nomenclature of writing css? 
The selector points to the HTML element you want to style the declaration block contains one or more 
declarations. Separated by semicolons. 
23.What is responsive web design? 
Is the approach that suggests that design and development should respond to the user’s behavior and 
environment based on screen size, platform and orientation, 
24.What is the use of box shadow in css? 
It adda shadow effects around an element’s frame thus you can set multiple effects se